hello and welcome my name is random also
known as our m2k dev today we're going
to be cooking Japanese ramen so let's
get started firstly we're going to add 2
cups of water to a pot then we're going
to add 2 beef stock cubes now start a
small fire and we're going to leave that
pot to dissolve the beef stock get a
larger fire going on another bottom and
we're going to heat up some olive oil in
a pan I'm using quite a lot of oil here
because this is going to form the base
of our sauce later now I'm going to
season some beef by adding a lot of salt
now this may look like a lot of salt but
we're going to add extra here so that
when we add the meat to our soup that's
what will be the seasoning and now I'm
just going to add some pepper and again
we're going to be adding extra pepper
here now we're going to add that meat to
the pan I've spread this up so that you
don't have to wait and once your meat is
ready we're just going to take that out
of the pan and leave it to rest now to
the oils remaining in the pan we're
going to add half of an onion that we've
diced 1 tablespoon of garlic 1/2 a
teaspoon of ginger
and then Chili's a taste I'm using about
one teaspoon here now just give that all
the good mix and we're going to brown
the onions and once your onions looking
brown like mine we're going to add some
Japanese barbecue sauce if you don't
have Japanese barbecue sauce you can
find it in the Asian section of your
grocery now if you don't have any on
hand you can just use soy sauce and add
some chili and barbecue sauce to that
now we're just going to mix that in and
let that cook once it's mixed and hot we
can take it off the heat and then move
to putting our noodles into this stock
that we created earlier now we can just
leave our noodles and move on to cutting
our beef so just cut your beef into some
thin slices like I'm doing here I prefer
my beef well-done but it's totally up to
you what rarity that you use now that
all of our ingredients are ready we can
begin serving place your soup and
noodles into a bowl just careful not to
splash them everywhere
then go and bring that meat and place
that on one side of the bowl and add any
of the juices that have formed from when
we rested that meat back into the soup
now get the garlic barbecue onion
mixture that we created earlier and then
spoon that on top of the beef and
finally I'm just going to add some
spring onion to this but here you would
be able to add any sort of vegetables
that you like or even an egg and there
we have it our ramen noodles are done so
if you enjoyed this video please click
the like button also don't forget to
subscribe to my youtube channel and I
appreciate all of your feedback so go
ahead and leave that in the section
below thank you for watching bye